Explicitly allow SIGs to split artifacts (#931)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/library-guidelines.md

### Expected Usage

The OpenTelemetry Language Library is composed of 2 packages: API package and SDK package.
In this specification, _package_ is used as a conceptual separation and does not prescribe the exact structure of the artifacts making up the language implementations.

> Whether the API and SDK packages are one artifact each or split across multiple ones is considered an implementation detail.

Reviewer: I think this is going too far. IMHO it MUST be possible to "link" an application/library against only the API and then decide at runtime (or at least when building the final application) to decide which SDK implementation to use.

Author: This requirement is already mentioned below:

> The API package is a self-sufficient dependency, in the sense that if the end-user application or a third-party library depends only on it and does not plug a full SDK implementation then the application will still build and run without failing, although no telemetry data will be actually delivered to a telemetry backend.

and

> SDK implementation is a separate (optional) dependency. When it is plugged in it substitutes the minimal implementation that is included in the API package (exact substitution mechanism is language dependent).

Any suggestion on what to use instead of `each` to emphasize it better?

Reviewer: OK, this spec is a bit muddy because it uses "is" instead of "MUST" (and also, we are in a guideline document) but OK.

Still, I suggest being more wordy here:

```suggestion
Whether the API and SDK packages are bundled as two all-in-one artifacts or split across multiple ones (e.g. one for api-trace, one for api-metric, one for sdk-trace, one for sdk-metric) is considered an implementation detail as long as the API artifact(s) stay separate from the SDK artifact(s).
```
